update readme (#3057)
microsoft/autogen: README.md

## What is AutoGen

> AutoGen is an open-source programming framework for building AI agents and facilitating cooperation among multiple agents to solve tasks. AutoGen aims to provide an easy-to-use and flexible framework for accelerating development and research on agentic AI, like PyTorch for Deep Learning. It offers features such as agents that can converse with other agents, LLM and tool use support, autonomous and human-in-the-loop workflows, and multi-agent conversation patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AutoGen is an open-source programming framework for building AI agents and facilitating cooperation among multiple agents to solve tasks. AutoGen aims to streamline the development and research of agentic AI, much like PyTorch does for Deep Learning. It offers features such as agents capable of interacting with each other, facilitates the use of various large language models (LLMs) and tool use support, autonomous and human-in-the-loop workflows, and multi-agent conversation patterns.
```
